---
author: lexiao
comments: true
date: 2019-05-14 01:34:59+00:00
layout: post
link: http://localhost/blog/?p=332
slug: '%e4%ba%9a%e5%a6%ae%e9%99%88%e8%bf%b0'
title: 亚妮陈述
wordpress_id: 332
categories:
- 默认分类
---

  
Le Xiao and I were firstly met under the instroduction of Zejun Chen. Xiao and Chen are classmates in university.  
  
Xiao and I had the first date in Greenery cafe, Guangzhou on Nov 15, 2009. His first impression to me is very good. He looks like a nice gentleman, fair and clear.  
  
After it, he dated me again for many times and we both like to look for and enjoy fine food in Guangzhou. We also like to go travelling together. At first, we just travel within Guangzhou city. Then, we fall in love. We start to travel to further place, such as Danxia mountain in Guangdong, Tengchong in Yunnan Province, etc. With more time we spent together, I found him a very considerate and attentive person.   
  
One year after we met, he propose marriage to me. I also accept him as a wonderful lifelong companion so I say "yes". I bring him to visit my parents and sister. My family's impression to him is also very good. Also, he bring me to see his parents and we all get along very well.  
  
Then we plan for our marriage and wedding. We go to Hong Kong to buy wedding ring. He suggest we spend honeymoon in Maldives. Because my hometown is in Hunan province, so we registerd for marriage in Changsha city, on Sept 9, 2011. Then, we host a large wedding party according to the my hometown custom and invited many relatives and friends to celebrate. It is a wonderful party in my life. Then we flew to Maldives for 4 day's honeymoon and it is just like living in paradise.  
  
In the first year of our marriage, we rent an apartment and live together. Since we both need to work full time, so we only cook on weekend. I am good at cooking and Le will tell me his taste and help me cook some his favour dishes. He will do the washing up and housekeeping. I will also do washing of clothings.  
  
Since we both have onw salary bank account, and it is not convinient to open joint-account in Chinese bank, so we use each own bank account. When we need to pay the rent, food or bills, we will pay from each's own account. If needed, then we can transfer money to the other's account.  
  
After one year of our marriage, our daughter was born. For her to be taken good care of, we moved to live with Le's parents. Then our life become very busy. We need to go to work at daytime and take care of daughter at night and weekend. However, our daughter is very lovely and she bring a lot of joys and laughters to Le and me.  
  
For the future, my greatest wish is my daughter, Le and I can live together happily. Le have lived in Melbourne for several years and I know it is one of world's best livable city. So we plan to live there and also let our daughter grow up there. And we believe she can get better education and living environment there. We have our own property in Guangzhou, and in addition, we have the habit of saving deposit. It should be enough to support us to settle down in Melbourne.   
  
  
BC100 Partner - First stage UF309 1 4,630.00   
Additional Applicant Charge U18 1 1,155.00   
GST 0.00   
Total AUD 5,785.00   
5785 * 1.08% * 4.9 = 28652  
  
BC100 Partner - First stage UF309 1 26,140.00   
Additional Applicant Charge U18 1 6,530.00   
GST 0.00   
Total CNY 32,670.00
